= rails-crud_actions

* http://github.com/boochtek/rails-crud_actions

== DESCRIPTION

Provides default CRUD actions for a Rails controller.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS

* Provides default CRUD actions for a Rails controller.
* Simply include the module, for simpler debugging.
* Allows overriding the actions.
* Provides the 7 CRUD actions provided by Rails scaffolding/resources, plus 'delete'.
  * Delete displays a page confirming that the user wants to delete an item.

== SYNOPSIS

  class UsersController < ApplicationController
    include BoochTek::Rails::CrudActions
    crud_model Person       # OPTIONAL: would have defaulted to User for the UsersController.
    crud_scope :conditions => {:name => 'Bill'}

    def index
      # Can provide an overrided version of an action.
    end
    after_filter :only => :show do
      # Can extend the functionality of the default version of an action. Can also use before_filter or around_filter.
    end
  end

OR

  class UsersController < ApplicationController
    crud_actions :model => Person, :conditions => {:name => 'Bill'}

    def index
      # Can provide an overrided version of an action.
    end
    after_filter :only => :show do
      # Can extend the functionality of the default version of an action. Can also use before_filter or around_filter.
    end
  end

You should set your routes up like this, so that your delete actions are at users/1/delete instead of users/delete/1:

  map.resources :users, :member => { :delete => :get }

== REQUIREMENTS

* Rails (actually, ActionController)
  * Will probably work with any version of Rails, but I've tested with Rails 2.2 and above.

== INSTALL

  script/plugin install git://github.com/boochtek/rails-crud_actions.git

== ALTERNATIVES

  * resource_controller - I didn't like their DSL, which seems more magical than this implementation.
  * josevalim-inherited_resources - Looks OK, but hard to override actions, and has to be included via inheritance.
    * Uses 'resource' where I use 'item'; claims other "resourceful plugins" probably do as well.

== LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 BoochTek, LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
